Add Wasm Blog Post about Fermyon's Spin SDK for Rust (#123)
nginx/unit-docs: source/news/2024/fermyon-spin-rust-sdk.rst

:orphan:

############################################################

> WebAssembly Components with Fermyons Spin SDK for Rust

Author: ```suggestion
WebAssembly Components with Fermyon's Spin SDK for Rust
```

############################################################

> In our blog series `Part 1 </news/2024/wasm-component-model-part-1/>`__ and `2 </news/2024/wasm-component-model-part-2/>`__ , we have covered the core mechanism of the WebAssembly Component Model and showcased how to create a Wasm Component using WASI 0.2 APIs and the **wasi/http:proxy** world.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In our blog series `Part 1 </news/2024/wasm-component-model-part-1/>`__ and `Part 2 </news/2024/wasm-component-model-part-2/>`__ , we have covered the core mechanism of the WebAssembly Component Model and showcased how to create a Wasm Component using WASI 0.2 APIs and the **wasi/http:proxy** world.
```

> In this blog post, we will have a look on the `Fermyon's Spin <https://www.fermyon.com/spin>`__ SDK for `Rust <https://fermyon.github.io/rust-docs/spin/main/spin_sdk/index.html>`__ and create a Wasm Component that can be hosted on NGINX Unit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this blog post, we will have a look at the `Fermyon's Spin <https://www.fermyon.com/spin>`__ SDK for `Rust <https://fermyon.github.io/rust-docs/spin/main/spin_sdk/index.html>`__ and create a Wasm Component that can be hosted on NGINX Unit.
```

:orphan:

############################################################
WebAssembly Components with Fermyons Spin SDK for Rust
############################################################

> In our blog series `Part 1 </news/2024/wasm-component-model-part-1/>`__ and `2 </news/2024/wasm-component-model-part-2/>`__ we have covered the core mechanism of the 
> WebAssembly Component Model and show cased how to create a Wasm Component using WASI 0.2 APIs and the **wasi/http:proxy** world.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In our blog series `Part 1 </news/2024/wasm-component-model-part-1/>`__ and `2 </news/2024/wasm-component-model-part-2/>`__ , we have covered the core mechanism of the WebAssembly Component Model and showcased how to create a Wasm Component using WASI 0.2 APIs and the **wasi/http:proxy** world.
```

In this blog post, we will have a look on the `Fermyon's Spin <https://www.fermyon.com/spin>`__ SDK for `Rust <https://fermyon.github.io/rust-docs/spin/main/spin_sdk/index.html>`__ and create a component that can be hosted on NGINX Unit.

> The Spin SDK for Rust comes with a great developer experience as it wraps a lot of the manual work in an easy to consume Rust API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Spin SDK for Rust provides a great developer experience, as it wraps a lot of the manual work in an easy to consume Rust API.
```

Let's start by creating a new Rust library using **cargo new**. This will create a new library project in a sub-directory **test-spin-component** of our current work directory.

.. code-block:: bash

   $ cargo new --lib test-spin-component
   $ cd test-spin-component

> Add the latest version of the "spin-sdk" and "anyhow" (Flexible Error Types and a dependency of the Spin SDK) crates to the project by issuing:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the latest version of the "spin-sdk" and "anyhow" (Flexible Error Types and a dependency of the Spin SDK) crates to the project by running the following command:
```

.. code-block:: bash

   $ cargo add spin-sdk anyhow

> Before we implement the actual functionality, we must modify our **Cargo.toml** file. Open the **Cargo.toml** with an editor of your 
> choice and append the following to the bottom of your existing **Cargo.toml** file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before we implement the actual functionality, we must modify our **Cargo.toml** file. Open the **Cargo.toml** with an editor of your choice and append the following to the bottom of your existing **Cargo.toml** file.
```

.. code-block:: toml

    [lib]
    crate-type = ["cdylib"]

    [package.metadata.component]
    package = "component:test-component"
    proxy = true

    [package.metadata.component.dependencies]

Next, replace the content of **src/lib.rs** file with the following code:

.. code-block:: rust

    use spin_sdk::http::{IntoResponse, Request, Response};
    use spin_sdk::http_component;

    #[http_component]
    fn handle_hello_world(_req: Request) -> anyhow::Result<impl IntoResponse> {
        let body_string = String::from("Hello, this is a Wasm Component using Spin SDK");

        Ok(Response::builder()
            .status(200)
            .header("Content-Type", "text/plain")
            .header("Content-Lenght", body_string.len().to_string())
            .body(body_string)
            .build())
    }

Compile the Rust Library into a Wasm Component using **cargo component**:

.. code-block:: bash

    $ cargo component build --release

> To run the Wasm Component on NGINX Unit, startup Unit and use this initial configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the Wasm Component on NGINX Unit, start up Unit and use this initial configuration.
```
